1/27/13
Attendees: Svetlin, Ben, Jack
Questions:
1) Why does <pthread.h> not register when the program is
being made with server.c? (See comment 2) 
Decisions:
---
Todo:
Finish Assignment 1
Comments/Notes:
1) Finished Assignment 1
2) There was a problem with pthread not being included
when making the program, so we included it directly
in the Makefile when linking.
3) Answers to questions in Programs:

server.c :
1) What does ntohl do?
   -Changes the byte order from network order to host,
    preventing byte order conflicts between local machines
    and networks. (Converts it from most significant byte
    order to least).
2) What is happening in "pthread_create(&tid, NULL, &doit, (void *)connfd);"?
   -It's creating a new thread that will be given the ID at
    tid. The NULL means that there are no special attributes
    for its initialization, and when the new thread is created
    it will start from the doit function (hence the reference
    to doit's address being passed in). connfd is getting
    passed to doit, and is being cast as a void pointer to
    be properly passed into doit.

client.c :
1) What does getInput() do, and why?
   -After zeroing the buffer, it reads in a line from stdin
    to globals' LineBuffer data buffer. It then checks to
    see if the final character is a "\n" or not. If it is,
    then it removes it since we don't want to echo that
    (though it notes that there is a newline at the end of
    the buffer). It keeps track of newline because doSend 
    calls getInput until there is a newline.
2) What does sendStr() do, and how?
   -It first determines the length of the string that it needs
    to send and converts it to network byte order. It then
    writes the length of an int into nlen and the length of the
    string into the first part of the string that's going to be
    sent. It allocates a buffer of length len and reads 
    the message that should be the same length. If at any point 
    it returns -1 instead of 1, it'll throw an error showing that 
    the send failed and the connection will end and the buffer 
    will be freed.

2/10/13
Attendees: Ben, Jack
Questions: 
Decisions:
Todo: 
--Familiarize with code
--Divide up workload
--Setup next meet time
Comments/Notes: